                      			Test Summary Report

Application: Hotel Booking Form
Tester: Veeresh Palacharla
Types of Testing: Functional, Exploratory, Security, Usability, Accessibility, Cross Browser and Performance Testing.
Description: I have performed above testing types on hotel booking form application and identified issues listed below.

Functional Testing:
	1. Creation of Hotel booking
	2. Delete created booking 
	
Security Testing:
	1. No secure http protocol -  Information shared across the network is not encrypted. Other users have access to it.
	2. XSS Injection  -  It is possible to inject into first name and surname fields on the hotel booking form. Attackers can tamper the data. Example: <h1>first name</h1>.
	3. Booking information is available to all users -
       No authenticated session that means data created by one user is visible to all other users  if they share the hotel booking page URL.
	4. Further penetration testing can be performed using OWASP ZAP or BURPS. A full active scan and spider attack can be performed.

Cross Browser Testing:
	The hotel booking application works as expected in Chrome, Safari.However there are issues in Firefox browser.
		• List of Issues in Firefox:
			1. Save button not aligned with other fields on the form
			2. Delete button not aligned with Save button

Compatibility Testing: 
	1. The application is not compatible with iPhone and old iPad devices.
	2. Works in iPad Pro device apart from some UX issues.

Usability Testing:
	1. User able to choose past dates for hotel booking.
	2. Nice if it loads the created booking records list below the page.
	3. No Validation - Duplicate Record Creation is Possible.

Exploratory Testing:
	1. User can book with negative price value
	2. script.js:15 Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read property 'bookingid' of undefined – When loading the form without any pre-bookings
	3. If date is entered in dd-mm-yyyy format then the application does not throw any errors on the frontend but it actually returns a 500 for that request in the console and the same applies when an invalid price is entered into the price field (for example : 188.90.99)
	4. The date field is set to 1970-01-01 when an invalid date is provided
	5. No Field validation or REGEX on text fields
	6. Application allows to enter start date after end date and end date before start date
	7. Space between the fields(columns) not consistent
	8. Deposit dropdown not aligned with other fields
	9. Nice if it loads the records on the bottom of the page

Accessibility Testing :
	1. Performed accessibility testing using WAVE , Voiceover and keyboard navigation
	2. Wave has notified 7 errors which include missing form labels and Document language missing. 
	3. While using voiceover (screen reader) – the text field labels are not read out, hence visually challenged users won’t be able to access the application.


Performance Testing :
	1. Performance testing can be done using Gatling. 
	2. Load , Stress and Soak testing can be performed if the volumetrics are available. Gatling provides a detailed report with the number requests per second, response per second and also the number of active users per second on the application throughout the simulation. 

